Moravia Microsystems takes your privacy seriously. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about your personal information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.

What this Privacy Policy Covers

This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of all personally identifiable information collected or submitted on our site and your use of our services including ordering products and service, user feedback submissions, surveys, making requests or registering to receive materials from time to time. This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of all personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us.

Information Collection and Use

We collect personally identifiable information when you buy a product from Moravia Microsystems. We may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners.

When you subscribe, we ask for your email address. When you register on our web site, we may ask you for name, email address, country, and other relevant information. When you order a product or service, you may be also asked for your address and other relevant information.

We may also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, "cookie" information and the web page(s) you requested. While an IP address does not identify an individual by name, it may, with the cooperation of the ISP, be used to locate and identify an individual. Your IP address can reveal what geographic area you are connecting from, or which ISP you are using. Finally, other websites you visit have IP addresses, and we may collect the IP addresses of those websites and their pages.

We may also collect and accumulate anonymous data which will help us understand and analyze the Internet experience of our website users. For instance, we may accumulate visitor data relating to referring domain names, the type of browsers used, operating system software, screen resolutions, color capabilities, browser plug-ins, language settings, cookie preferences, search engine keywords and JavaScript enablement. Some of this information is aggregated through Google Analytics service.

Upon canceling your Moravia Microsystems account, you have the right to request deletion of your account information, subject to our need to keep appropriate archives for our business operations.

For reasons such as improving customer experience and providing customized communications to our users, we may receive information about you from third-party sources and our web logs and add it to the information that we have received from you. Web logs automatically record anything a web server sees, which may include email addresses you enter into a form or pages viewed by a user at a particular IP address.

We maintain archives of our web logs, database, and other systems and information. Please note that it is possible some of this information may remain archived after we delete the information from our active database. We may maintain archives for disaster recovery, legal and other non-marketing purposes.

We use information for three general purposes:
 * To customize the advertising and content you see on our website.
 * To fulfill your requests for certain products and services.
 * To contact you about Moravia Microsystems special offers, new products, and services. If you don't want to receive these communications, you can opt out anytime by updating your preferences.
 * To send you important communications about your purchases, and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. You cannot opt out of receiving these communications due to their importance.
 * We may also use personal information for research to improve our products and services.

We may contract with a third party to manage moravia-microsystems.com and provide them access to your information solely for the purpose of managing the website. Such third party will be fully bound by an obligation of confidentiality to us and may not use any personally-identifiable information provided through moravia-microsystems.com other than as expressly instructed by us and in strict compliance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

Email Opt-out

Users who no longer wish to receive our email updates or other notifications may opt out of receiving these communications by following the instructions contained in the applicable email or by logging in and changing their account settings. Please know that such a decision will not stop advertising or content that is generated prior to the time when we can accomplish the removal of your information.

Credit Card Processing

Credit card transactions are handled by a third-party processor that receives credit card numbers and other personally identifying information only to verify credit card accounts and process transactions.

Credit card security is an important aspect of the online experience. We use encryption technology to keep your credit card information safe. To ensure that your information is even more secure, once we receive your credit card information, it is stored on a server that isn't accessible from the Internet.

Information Sharing and Disclosure

We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. Personal information will not be shared by us with third parties for their marketing purposes.

We will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or organizations when:

We have your consent to share the information;

We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;

We may need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Moravia Microsystems to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.);

We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or

We find that your actions on our web sites violate the Moravia Microsystems Terms and Conditions, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.

We may contract with third parties to conduct research and marketing on our behalf. Such third parties will be fully bound by an obligation of confidentiality to us and may not use any personally-identifiable information provided by us other than as expressly instructed by us and in strict compliance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

Cookies

We may set and access "moravia-microsystems.com" cookies on your computer. We allow other companies that are presenting advertisements on our website to set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to our cookies.

What information do parties other than us collect?

Some entities that have links on our site may collect personally identifying information about you when you access or utilize those links. We do not control the collection or use of such information, and the practices of those advertisers and websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy.

It is important to note that those entities may not follow the same privacy policies as us. For instance, if you click on an advertisement on Moravia-Microsystems.com, you may be taken away to an entirely different site. These links can also be from advertisers, content providers and/or partners who may use Moravia Microsystems’s logo and/or style as a result of a co-branding agreement yet they may still not follow the same privacy policies as Moravia Microsystems.

Children and COPPA compliance

Our site is not directed to children under the age of 13. We assume items purchased from our web site are purchased by adults. We have designed this privacy policy in order to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We will never knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected personal information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from our database. Because we do not collect such information, we have no such information to use or to disclose to third parties.

If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to us, he or she can contact us via e-mail or postal mail as listed below. We will promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13. Please note that it is possible some of this information may remain archived in web logs and back-up archives after we delete the information from our active database.

We believe that parents should supervise their children’s online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from otherwise disclosing online their name, address and other personal information without parental permission.

We make an effort to protect the personal information of all customers of Moravia Microsystems. If you are unsure whether this privacy policy is in conflict with the rules applicable where you are located, you should not submit your personal information to Moravia-Microsystems.com.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a announcement on our web site.

This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage

Transferability of Data Under Disposition of Business and/or Business Assets

Please take notice that in the course of developing our business or in the event of any insolvency, receivership (by court order or otherwise) or winding-up, we or a receiver may dispose of various tangible or intangible business assets. In any such dispositions, customer data and your personal information may be included and transferred, in whole or in part, to a third party without your consent. Moreover, in the unlikely event that Moravia Microsystems, or all or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, customer data and personal information may be included among the list of transferred assets without your consent.

Protection of Personal Information

To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place reasonably appropriate measures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. These measures are of technical, physical, and administrative nature.

How You Can Correct Your Information

You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows an error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before making corrections.

Contact Us

If you have questions about this privacy policy, the privacy aspects of our products and services or if you want to make a complaint, please contact:

Moravia Microsystems, s.r.o.
třída Kpt. Jaroše 1946/35, Černá Pole, 602 00 Brno,
Czech Republic, European Union
